Update the release notes (#320)
pygae/clifford: docs/changelog.rst

   ``Cl(6)`` is 20\ |times| faster. This is achieved by deferring product JIT
   compilation until the product is used for the first time.
 * A new :mod:`clifford.transformations` module for linear transformations.
 * Two new :doc:`predefined-algebras`, :mod:`clifford.dpga` and :mod:`clifford.dg3c`.
 * Additional testing and assorted improvements for :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`
 * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_circle_from_line` has now been implemented

>    roughly following the proceedure described in Appendix A of Andreas Aristidou's PhD thesis

Author: ```suggestion
   roughly following the procedure described in Appendix A of Andreas Aristidou's PhD thesis
```
A link to either the thesis or a record of it would be good here.

   ``Cl(6)`` is 20\ |times| faster. This is achieved by deferring product JIT
   compilation until the product is used for the first time.
 * A new :mod:`clifford.transformations` module for linear transformations.
 * Two new :doc:`predefined-algebras`, :mod:`clifford.dpga` and :mod:`clifford.dg3c`.
 * Additional testing and assorted improvements for :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`.
 * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_circle_from_line` has now been implemented
   roughly following the procedure described in Appendix A of `Andreas Aristidou's PhD thesis

>    <https://www.repository.cam.ac.uk/handle/1810/237554>`.

Author: ```suggestion
   <https://www.repository.cam.ac.uk/handle/1810/237554>`_.
```

>    roughly following the procedure described in Appendix A of `Andreas Aristidou's PhD thesis
>    <https://www.repository.cam.ac.uk/handle/1810/237554>`.

Author: ```suggestion
   roughly following the procedure described in Appendix A of
   `Andreas Aristidou's PhD thesis <https://www.repository.cam.ac.uk/handle/1810/237554>`_.
```
Line break inside kills it, needs a `_`

>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_circle_from_line` has now been implemented
>    roughly following the procedure described in Appendix A of
>    `Andreas Aristidou's PhD thesis <https://www.repository.cam.ac.uk/handle/1810/237554>`_.
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_line_from_circle` has now also been added,
>    projecting the result of :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_circle_from_line`
>    to the line.

Author: ```suggestion
 * :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`:
   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_circle_from_line` has now been implemented
     roughly following the procedure described in Appendix A of
     `Andreas Aristidou's PhD thesis <https://www.repository.cam.ac.uk/handle/1810/237554>`_.
   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_line_from_circle` has now also been added,
     projecting the result of :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_circle_from_line`
     to the line.
```

   ``Cl(6)`` is 20\ |times| faster. This is achieved by deferring product JIT
   compilation until the product is used for the first time.
 * A new :mod:`clifford.transformations` module for linear transformations.
 * Two new :doc:`predefined-algebras`, :mod:`clifford.dpga` and :mod:`clifford.dg3c`.
 * Additional testing and assorted improvements for :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`.
 * :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`:

>    * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_circle_from_line` has now been implemented

Author: ```suggestion

   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.closest_point_on_circle_from_line` has now been implemented
```

   input, rather than silenltly producing nonsense.
 * :func:`Layout.parse_multivector` supports basis vector names which do not
   start with e.

>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_midpoint_between_lines` now handles the case that
>    the two lines are touching
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_fit_circle` now correctly selects the first and
>    second eigenvalue regardless of order
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.sphere_beyond_plane` now tested and correct
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.sphere_behind_plane` now tested and correct
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_unsign_sphere` is now jitted, as it should have
>    been from the start
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.get_nearest_plane_point` correctly returns the conformal
>    point rather than the 3D point

Author: ```suggestion
 * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_midpoint_between_lines` now handles the case that
   the two lines are touching.
 * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_fit_circle` now correctly selects the first and
   second eigenvalue regardless of order.
 * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.sphere_beyond_plane` now tested and correct.
 * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.sphere_behind_plane` now tested and correct.
 * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_unsign_sphere` is now jitted, as it should have
   been from the start.
 * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.get_nearest_plane_point` correctly returns the conformal
   point rather than the 3D point.
```

   input, rather than silenltly producing nonsense.
 * :func:`Layout.parse_multivector` supports basis vector names which do not
   start with e.

>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_midpoint_between_lines` now handles the case that
>    the two lines are touching.
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_fit_circle` now correctly selects the first and
>    second eigenvalue regardless of order.
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.sphere_beyond_plane` now tested and correct.
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.sphere_behind_plane` now tested and correct.
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.val_unsign_sphere` is now jitted, as it should have
>    been from the start.
>  * :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.get_nearest_plane_point` correctly returns the conformal
>    point rather than the 3D point.

Author: ```suggestion
 * :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`:
   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.val_midpoint_between_lines` now handles the case that
     the two lines are touching.
   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.val_fit_circle` now correctly selects the first and
     second eigenvalue regardless of order.
   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.sphere_beyond_plane` now tested and correct.
   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.sphere_behind_plane` now tested and correct.
   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.val_unsign_sphere` is now jitted, as it should have
     been from the start.
   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.get_nearest_plane_point` correctly returns the conformal
     point rather than the 3D point.
```

   input, rather than silenltly producing nonsense.
 * :func:`Layout.parse_multivector` supports basis vector names which do not
   start with e.
 * :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`:

>    * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.val_midpoint_between_lines` now handles the case that

Author: ```suggestion

   * :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.val_midpoint_between_lines` now handles the case that
```

 * The ``imt_prod_mask``, ``omt_prod_mask``, and ``lcmt_prod_mask`` attributes
   of :class:`Layout` objects have been removed, as these were an unnecessary
   intermediate computation that had no need to be public.

>  * clifford.tools.g3c.closest_points_on_circles is now renamed to
>    :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_closest_points_on_circles`
>  * clifford.tools.g3c.closest_points_circle_line is now renamed to
>    :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_closest_points_circle_line`
>  * clifford.tools.g3c.furthest_points_on_circles is now renamed to
>    :func:`clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_furthest_points_on_circles`

Author: ```suggestion
 * ``clifford.tools.g3c.closest_points_on_circles`` has been renamed to
   :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_closest_points_on_circles`.
 * ``clifford.tools.g3c.closest_points_circle_line`` has been renamed to
   :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_closest_points_circle_line`.
 * ``clifford.tools.g3c.furthest_points_on_circles`` has been renamed to
   :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_furthest_points_on_circles`.
```

~ avoids the repetition of the module name.

 * The ``imt_prod_mask``, ``omt_prod_mask``, and ``lcmt_prod_mask`` attributes
   of :class:`Layout` objects have been removed, as these were an unnecessary
   intermediate computation that had no need to be public.

>  * ``clifford.tools.g3c.closest_points_on_circles`` has been renamed to
>    :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_closest_points_on_circles`.
>  * ``clifford.tools.g3c.closest_points_circle_line`` has been renamed to
>    :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_closest_points_circle_line`.
>  * ``clifford.tools.g3c.furthest_points_on_circles`` has been renamed to
>    :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_furthest_points_on_circles`.

Author: ```suggestion
 * :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`:
   * ``closest_points_on_circles`` has been renamed to
     :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_closest_points_on_circles`.
   * ``closest_points_circle_line`` has been renamed to
     :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_closest_points_circle_line`.
   * ``furthest_points_on_circles`` has been renamed to
     :func:`~clifford.tools.g3c.iterative_furthest_points_on_circles`.
```

 * The ``imt_prod_mask``, ``omt_prod_mask``, and ``lcmt_prod_mask`` attributes
   of :class:`Layout` objects have been removed, as these were an unnecessary
   intermediate computation that had no need to be public.
 * :mod:`clifford.tools.g3c`:

>    * ``closest_points_on_circles`` has been renamed to

Author: ```suggestion

   * ``closest_points_on_circles`` has been renamed to
```
